I don't care if you are the captain or not
Hurry up and talk to Lao Tzu
Or kill them?
Ahhh
You think you can do magic, I'm afraid of you
If it weren't for the original owner of the mountain of our Blackwater Society
Convert the warehouse into a camp
This has already become the territory of mutants
Don't take us seriously
Believe it or not, I'll throw you out now.
Ask mutants
There is no way for us to survive
You don't want to live either
Liu Wei Jiangdun
There we go.
It's not impossible for Xiaojin Camp
Promise me a condition
I reward you with a life
What do you want?
Leave all your supplies and weapons behind
Why don't you go grab it?
Weapons and supplies are left to you
What's the difference between us and waiting to die?
What the hell does that have to do with me?
If I say no
Stop